Privacy Policy
Last updated: June 21, 2024

This Privacy Policy describes our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of your information when you use the Service.

Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined
under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same
meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

Definitions  
~~~~~~~~~~~
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

  * Account means a unique account created for You to access our Service or
    parts of our Service.

  * Affiliate means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under
    common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or
    more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote
    for election of directors or other managing authority.

  * Application refers to 過三關小遊戲 (the "software"), the software program provided by the
    author.

  * Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a
    cellphone or a digital tablet.

  * Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or
    identifiable individual.

  * Service refers to the Application.

  * Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data
    on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or
    individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide
    the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the
    Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

  * Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the
    use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example,
    the duration of a page visit).

  * You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company,
    or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or
    using the Service, as applicable.

Privacy 
*******
The software does not collect, use or share any personal information of you or of your stored data.

Personal Data  
*************
The software does not share, send or transfer the user data to anyone else. User data is stored encrypted in user's own Android device or in user's personal Google Drive account. 

Disclaimer, limitation of liability
-----------------------------------
The user acknowledges that the software may not be free from defects and may not satisfy all needs. Installation and usage of the software is at users own risk. The user is responsible for any possible data loss. The software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied warranty. In no event will the author be held liable for any damages arising from the use of, or inability to use the software.

Copyright
---------
The software is owned by Kee Ying Hung (the "author"). You are not allowed to modify, translate, reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software or any portion of it or attempt to derive source code or create derivative works.

Changes to this Privacy Policy  
------------------------------
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any
changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior
to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top
of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this
page.

Protection of Children's Privacy
--------------------------------
Our App is not aimed at people who are under the age of eighteen(18) years ('Children'). If you are the parent/legal guardian of a Child who you believe has provided us with his/her personally identifiable information, please contact us immediately and we will take steps to remove such personally identifiable information from our database and servers immediately. We don not and never will knowingly collect any personal information from children

Contact Us  
----------
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
 * By email: kkee32@yahoo.com
